hello my friends and I'm going to introduce
Do you think it 's a sapphire chevrolet?
elegance year 2010 model complete
with automatic transmission
take a look at the side of cigarette in the
alloy wheel music wheel with
abs brakes look on the side is
muitoooooo year 2010 height adjustment of the
driver's seat an excellent
Brazil supporter finishing with glasses
electric four door airbag
automatic transmission air conditioning
digital on board computer
mirrors and electric locks
I'm staying here at the passenger's door.
for you three head restraints
rear of the large internal space with
air conditioning outlet to the
an excellent cost-benefit ratio
what is happening here in the classification and
this is a 2010 chevrolet zafira 2010
elegance model with automatic transmission
show here
the trunk for you car 2.0
flex best with seven seats
a look that even with the seven places
There is still a lot of space for
you
accommodates well if people in this
here is a chevrolet zafira a year 2010
automatic flex elegance model is
seeing here in the classification already the model
with seven places with great cost
benefit
one of the best- selling cars in the category
contact us by phone
19 3243 6665 and visit our website at
puntocom car and get your questions answered
one of our consultants and come and do
part of the group of friends
satisfied to buy a like -new to
quina to classify is to classify
negotiating vehicles and making a friend